[Validator] Document the new `NoSuspiciousCharacters` constraint (#17897)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/constraints/NoSuspiciousCharacters.rst

NoSuspiciousCharacters
======================

> A good thing with Unicode is that it allows to use (almost) every imaginable character.
> A bad thing is that this makes spoofing rather easy: "symfony.com" and "ѕymfony.com"
> look similar, but the latter actually starts with a `cyrillic small letter dze`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unicode allows to use (almost) every imaginable character, including indiscernible characters once they are rendered:
"symfony.com" and "ѕymfony.com" look similar, but the latter actually starts with a `cyrillic small letter dze`_,
an attacker could redirect users to a different URL than the user expects, which would permit spoofing attacks.
```

Author: Not a fan of the repetition (look alike/look similar) :confused:

Reviewer: Right, I edited the comment above.

Author: imaginable character/indiscernible characters :sweat_smile: 

Also it seems the user being "redirected" to the attacker’s URL means the spoofing attack already succeeded?

Reviewer: I tried to add a real-world example but I can't find a simple sentence.

Author: I updated the introduction; does it look better to you?

Reviewer: I really like this new introduction. :+1: Thanks for the update.

NoSuspiciousCharacters
======================

.. versionadded:: 6.3

    The ``NoSuspiciousCharacters`` constraint was introduced in Symfony 6.3.

> ..

Reviewer 2: This is a comment, and therefore not rendered on the website, am I correct @wouterj @javiereguiluz ?

Author: I hope so! I was following https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#block-quotes

> [Empty comments](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#empty-comments) may be used to explicitly terminate preceding constructs that would otherwise consume a block quote

Reviewer 3: What Oskar meant is that this content is a comment that won't be rendered on symfony.com. I've reworded it a bit to add it to the normal text so people can read it.

    Because Unicode contains such a large number of characters and incorporates
    the varied writing systems of the world, incorrect usage can expose programs
    or systems to possible security attacks.

    `Unicode® Technical Standard #39`_

"symfony.com" and "ѕymfony.com" look similar, but the latter actually starts with a
`cyrillic small letter dze`_. It could make a user think they'll navigate to Symfony's
website, whereas it would be somewhere else.

> This is a kind of `spoofing attack`_ (called "IDN homograph attack"): it tries to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a kind of `spoofing attack`_ (called "IDN homograph attack"). It tries to
```

            <class name="App\Entity\User">
                <property name="username">
                    <constraint name="NoSuspiciousCharacters"/>
                </property>
            </class>
        </constraint-mapping>

    .. code-block:: php

        // src/Entity/User.php
        namespace App\Entity;

        use Symfony\Component\Validator\Constraints as Assert;
        use Symfony\Component\Validator\Mapping\ClassMetadata;

        class User
        {
            public static function loadValidatorMetadata(ClassMetadata $metadata)
            {
                $metadata->addPropertyConstraint('username', new Assert\NoSuspiciousCharacters());
            }
        }

.. include:: /reference/constraints/_empty-values-are-valid.rst.inc

Options
-------

``checks``
~~~~~~~~~~

**type**: ``integer`` **default**: all

This option is a bitmask of the checks you want to perform on the string:

* ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::CHECK_INVISIBLE`` checks for the presence of invisible characters such as zero-width spaces, or character sequences that are likely not to display, such as multiple occurrences of the same non-spacing mark.

> * ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::CHECK_MIXED_NUMBERS`` (since ICU 58) checks for numbers from different numbering systems.
> * ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::CHECK_HIDDEN_OVERLAY`` (since ICU 62) checks for combining characters hidden in their preceding one.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::CHECK_MIXED_NUMBERS`` (usable with ICU 58 or higher) checks for numbers from different numbering systems.
* ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::CHECK_HIDDEN_OVERLAY`` (usable with ICU 62 or higher) checks for combining characters hidden in their preceding one.

```

What do you think?

Author: Works for me

You can also configure additional requirements using :ref:`locales <locales>` and
:ref:`restrictionLevel <restrictionlevel>`.

``locales``
~~~~~~~~~~~

**type**: ``array`` **default**: :ref:`framework.enabled_locales <reference-enabled-locales>`

Restrict the string's characters to those normally used with the associated languages.

For example, the character "π" would be considered suspicious if you restricted the
locale to "English", because the Greek script is not associated with it.

Passing an empty array, or configuring :ref:`restrictionLevel <restrictionlevel>` to
``NoSuspiciousCharacters::RESTRICTION_LEVEL_NONE`` will disable this requirement.

``restrictionLevel``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> **type**: ``integer`` **default**: ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::RESTRICTION_LEVEL_MODERATE`` on ICU >= 58, else ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::RESTRICTION_LEVEL_SINGLE_SCRIPT``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**type**: ``integer`` **default**: ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::RESTRICTION_LEVEL_MODERATE`` on ICU >= 58, otherwise ``NoSuspiciousCharacters::RESTRICTION_LEVEL_SINGLE_SCRIPT``
```

Author: I recall you already asked this change :sweat_smile: is this because `else` is associated with coding?
